Require `setup-gap@v3` to simplify some code (#45)
gap-actions/run-pkg-tests: README.md

### What's new in v4

There are several changes between v3 and v4: the introduction of the `mode` option,

> the renaming of some options, the requirement for using `gap-actionssetup-gap@v3` or newer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the renaming of some options, the requirement for using `gap-actions/setup-gap@v3` or newer
```

> the renaming of some options, the requirement for using `gap-actions/setup-gap@v3` or newer

Author: I've rebased this PR now; but since we already released v4, I feel this should really be waiting for a v5 release.

It's not urgent right now: before worrying about this PR at all, we should get at least all `gap-packages` repos to use `setup-gap@v3` in their CI.yml. Right now just 9 out of 150 do that :-/.

Reviewer 2: @fingolfin Shall we help them and make pull-requests? Haha!

Author: Just as an update, by now I've auto-converted a bunch of gap-packages projects to use `setup-gap@v3`:
```
$ rg -l 'setup-gap@v3' */.github/workflows/CI.yml | wc -l
      82
$ rg -l 'setup-gap@v2' */.github/workflows/CI.yml | wc -l
      70
```
So it's a bit more than half.

Author: Current state:
```
$ rg -l 'setup-gap@v3' */.github/workflows/CI.yml | wc -l
     100
$ rg -l 'setup-gap@v2' */.github/workflows/CI.yml | wc -l
      51
`
